---
date: '2018-02-17 10:50 -0500'
layout: policy
published: true
title: Tax Cuts
excerpt: >-
  I will work to make sure tax cuts translate into better jobs and higher wages
  for working Americans.
tags:
  - real-life-experience
  - evidence-based-policy
---
My career has been about giving the children of this area their best possible future. Our increasing national debt threatens that future. I will work to minimize waste and excess spending and to limit deficit spending. 

In District 5 we are blessed with a strong mix of multi-national corporations and small businesses that stand to benefit from the new tax laws. I will work to make sure those tax cuts translate into investment in our communities leading to better jobs and higher wages for working Americans.

The tax cuts for corporations and small businesses passed in 2017 were necessary to keep jobs in the United States and to allow our family-run businesses to stay competitive in a global marketplace. Many companies responded with bonuses to their employees. While that is great, the real benefit will only be seen if the corporations use the tax cuts to finance expansion and investment here in the United States. This is the only way that the changes will lead to more jobs and higher wages.  Let other corporations follow the lead of Apple and use the new tax laws to bring back foreign investments and use the money to build a stronger ecomony here at home.



>I will work to make sure those tax cuts translate into better jobs and higher wages for working Americans.
